Specify length of cluster agent token in documentation (#14029)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/kubernetes/installation.md

    ```shell
    echo -n '<Your API key>' | base64
    ```

> 4. In the `secret-cluster-agent-token.yaml` manifest, replace `PUT_A_BASE64_ENCODED_RANDOM_STRING_HERE` with a random string encoded in base64. Length of this string must be 32 or more. To get the base64 version of it, you can run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the `secret-cluster-agent-token.yaml` manifest, replace `PUT_A_BASE64_ENCODED_RANDOM_STRING_HERE` with a random string encoded in base64. This string must be 32 or more chars long. To get the base64 version of it, you can run:
```
